---
layout: post
title: eng-all
tags: ["english"]
---
## 001

Dear Sir or Madam,  

Moved by the noble cause of Project Hope and encouraged by what has been achieved so far, I would like to contribute my bit to the project by offering financial aid to a child in a remote area of your province.

I would be very grateful if you could help me seek out a girl who has just started schooling but whose family cannot afford her eduction. My plan is to pay for her tuition on an annual basis util she finishes her secondary education. I would like to remit my donation directly to a bank account opened by her family in her local area.

<p style="text-align:right">Yours truly,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Li Ming</p>

---

## 002

<p>Dear Sir or Madam,</p>
   <p>I am a student in this university who regularly comes to the library to spend my spare time. Generally speaking,the services you offer here are quite good; however, I have some suggestions for you to consider. And I would greatly appreciate your taking my suggestions into consideration.</p>
   <p>To begin with, will you please prolong the time allowed for reading? In the daytime ,most of the students are having class, so they can't come to the library. Moreover,some of the books on the shelves are out of date. If you could be so kind as to provide us with some more recent publications such as the latest magazines,we would be grateful.</p>
   <p>I really wish to have a more comfortable library. Thank you for your time and consideration.</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Li Ming</p>

---

## 003
<p>Dear Bob,</p>
<p>I'm writing the letter to express my sincere apologies to you.</p>
<p>To begin with, I'd like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt appreciation for the kind assistance you rendered me during my stay in Canada. During my stay in Canada, I borrowed a CD of Beethoven's symphonies from you. Unfortunately, When I returned home, I found to my surprise that the CD was in my personal baggage due to my carelessness.</p>
<p>To solve the problem, I would like to send this CD to you by Express Mail Service. Once again, please accept my sincere apologies for any inconveniences that I have caused. I hope this will settle the matter to your satisfaction. </p>
<p style="text-align:right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Li Ming</p>


---

### 004
<p>Dear Editors,</p>

<p>I have been reading your newspaper for many years with great enthusiasm and interest. Regarding this issue of disposable plastic bags, it is my view that limiting the use of such bags is of the utmost significance.</p>

<p>To crack the hard nut, I would like to propose several practical recommendations as follows. First and foremost, it is imperative for us to ban the free use of disposable plastic bags. In addition, we should develop possible alternatives to replace them, such as paper or cloth bags. Last but not least, plastic bags should be offered at a much higher price in department stores or supermarkets.</p>

<p>I hope you will find the above proposals constructive and I would like to discuss this matter in further detail. Your prompt attention to my suggestions would be highly appreciated.</p>


<p style="text-align:right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Li Ming</p>

---

### 006
<p>Dear Li Ming,</p>

<p>I'm so glad to hear that you have received an offer from Beijing University. Congratulations! But in fact, this is not surprising--I remember seeing how hard your have been working since childhood. Now you have the opportunity to learn physics, which you have a huge interest in, in one of the best universities in China. I feel extremely happy for you.</p>

<p>I do want to share some advice for university life with you. First of all, don't forget your studying. Second, take some time to know yourself well and make your own decisions. Third, enjoy your life as long it's under your control.</p>

<p>I hope you will have a wonderful time in your university.</p>


<p style="text-align:right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Zhang Wei</p>


---

### 007
<p>Dear John,</p>
<p>I'm glad to hear from you. How have you been these days? the purpose of this email is to tell you about my living habits.</p>
<p>First, I never drink or smoke. I do not stay up late either. Instead, I keep a balanced diet and go to bed before 11 o'clock at night, because I believe burning the midnight oil is harmful to my health. Second, I like to keep my things clean. It is obvious that living in a messy environment results a chaotic life. </p>
<p>On this topic, could you please offer me some suggestions as regards living in your city? I'm sure that we can get along well with each other, and our university life will be one of the best times in our lives.</p>

<p style="text-align:right">Yours,</p>
<p style="text-align:right">Li Ming</p>

## 019
<p>It is vividly depicted in the cartoon that a boy is running along the racetrack with painful efforts, sweat pouring down his face. After a long race, he is making the final spurt toward the finishing line, with strong determination to become a champion. It seems that he can soon rest for a while to enjoy the ecstasy of victory. However, straight ahead lines a sign which indicates a new "starting point" and urges him to continue rushing to the next destination.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, the cartoon conveys the meaning that life is like the process of running in which one should make constant efforts and never stop making progress. Owing to the quickening pace of life, competition is increasingly fierce in all walks of life, stimulating everyone to purse one goal after another. Once a person stops making progress, he can hardly maintain his past glory and survive in this competitive world. As Deng XiaoPing, the great Chinese leader said, "Development is inarguable truth". No matter how powerful a specific institution is, it must constantly seek new and speedy development. Generally speaking, neither a country nor a person can remain stagnant.</p>
<p>An illustration is closely related to us, the examinees. If we pass the National Entrance Test for MA/MS Candidates and then are confronted with the challenge of conquering the difficult graduate courses, we still have to strive for success in our future academic study and career. On the whole, this example effectively clarifies the saying that "the destination is another starting point".</p>




